Migrate Credentials docs from opensource.ripple.com (#2905)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/protocol/ledger-data/ledger-entry-types/credential.md

---
seo:
    description: An attestation about a subject account from a credential issuer account, which can be used to preauthorize payments.
---
# Credential

> A `Credential` entry represents a [credential](../index.md), which contains an attestation about a _subject_ account from a _credential issuer_ account. The meaning of the attestation is defined by the issuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Credential` entry represents a [credential](../../../../concepts/decentralized-storage/credentials.md), which contains an attestation about a _subject_ account from a _credential issuer_ account. The meaning of the attestation is defined by the issuer.
```

## Credential Fields

In addition to the [common fields](../common-fields.md), {% code-page-name /%} entries have the following fields:

| Field               | JSON Type            | [Internal Type][] | Required? | Description     |
|:--------------------|:---------------------|:------------------|:----------|:----------------|
| `CredentialType`    | String - Hexadecimal | Blob              | Yes       | Arbitrary data defining the type of credential this entry represents. The minimum length is 1 byte and the maximum length is 64 bytes. |
| `Expiration`        | Number               | UInt32            | No        | Time after which the credential is expired, in [seconds since the Ripple Epoch][].
| `Issuer`            | String - [Address][] | AccountID         | Yes       | The account that issued this credential. |
| `IssuerNode`        | String               | UInt64            | Yes       | A hint indicating which page of the issuer's directory links to this entry, in case the directory consists of multiple pages. |
| `PreviousTxnID`     | String - [Hash][]    | Hash256           | Yes       | The identifying hash of the transaction that most recently modified this entry. |

> | `PreviousTxnLgrSeq` | Number               | UInt32            | Yes       | The [index of the ledger][Ledger Index] that contains the transaction that most recently modified this object. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `PreviousTxnLgrSeq` | Number               | UInt32            | Yes       | The [index of the ledger][Ledger Index] that contains the transaction that most recently modified this entry. |
```
